You must build a Page Object Model test automation framework where you will be defining pages classes for Login Page, Home Page, Register Page, Patient Details Page and Find Patient Record Page.
Manage the URL, user credentials, and browser type in the properties file. Use the Junit dependency for you assertions.
Under the test package, create a package same as above com.academy.techcenture.
You must build your test automation framework using Cucumber BDD Style. Your framework should take screenshots and generate a report after execution.
Below are the manual test steps, and you have to decide how to create the feature file with steps. Build your feature in a way that
you should be able to register multiple customers (use scenario outlines).
Also use github for collaboration. One person can create the repo and add others as collaborates.

Please work in teams to collaborate and share ideas.


Manual Test Steps:
1. Go to https://demo.openmrs.org/openmrs/login.htm which is the login page.
2. Verify title, all web elements on the login page (labels, inputs, locations, login button, can't login?)
3. Enter Admin and Admin123 and select on location to log in
4. When you login, verify title of page, verify you are logged in as a admin user, verify top options
5. Verify 10 functionalities on the Home Page

6. Click on register a patient tab
7. On the registration page, very the title and fill out the demographics, contact info, relationships sections
8. Once you have filled out the sections, verify once again the patient information is correct before clicking the confirm button.

9. You will land on the patient details page. Verify top sections like given middle and family name, gender, dob and patient id.
10. Click on sticky note and enter a random next message and click on check
11. Verify "Patient is successfully added" tooltip on top right.
12. Verify sticky note has been created/displayed
13. Verify diagnoses, vitalis, latest observations, health trend summary, weight graph, appointments, recent visits, family, conditions, attachments, allergies
14. Verify General Actions section

15. Go back to home page
16. Click on Find Patient Record tab
17. Verify title, and top elements on the find patient record page
18. Search the newly created patient by its ID
19. Verify the result shows up on the table, verify identifier information, name, gender, age and birthdate.
20. Go back to home page
21. Logout and close the driver.